AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
11:53 PM - May 01, 2001

CONTENT:
Here I sit, trying to record my thoughts, hoping against all hope that my hand can keep up with my mind. My brain whirls so fast sometimes. I don't know why that is. then it all will stop suddenly. I just stop thinking altogether. Like now.
So much to say, Yet, I can't. My pain is constant and sharp. And I wish no better to those around me. In fact, I wish my pain upon others. The infliction of my own wounds upon others. The chaos which I have held within for so long yearns to break free in a primal flow of rage.
And, yet, such I must contain. Never strong enough to say what needs to be said. And the only time I can muster the nerve is always the wrong time.
Bad timing... The story of my life. Heh. Seems as though I might have said that before. But not over 500 times.
Time, time, time.
The only thing we have, and the only thing we never have enough of. We rush and rush all our lives. And for what? Possessions? Titles? The "American Dream"?
And what is the American Dream? Growing old in an assisted care center, waiting for the day we die while wishing all the things we've done in the past could be redeemed?
Or is it merely in our nature to use up and destroy all we come into contact with? Are we simply a race of parasites whose desire for knowledge and power drives us to deplete our resources? Is it this inherant impulse that damns us to a never-ending cycle of creation and destruction?
And if so, Can I hold my father and his father, neither of whome I've ever met, responsible for my actions and the actions of my children? Hardly. We are what we are. I will not apologize for what I am. All I can do is strive to do the best that I can in the situation in which I am placed.
And still, it is and endless pattern. History is constantly repeating itself. And we are constantly depleting ourselves. Depleting ourselves while the world becomes over-populated? Absolutely. Every religious sect, except a few, hold life and nature in high regard. And yet, we are constantly waging wars, killing our fellow man, and raping the earth.
When will we comprehend the fact that we are, in essence, killing ourselves? And, again, for what? Self-preservation? Conceit? Megalomania?
Utopia is impossible. We've preved this fact already. But, perhaps, if we practised a bit more common courtesy toward our fellow earth-dwellers, then maybe there would be something to look forward to.
What kind of home will our children inherit? One countless times more polluted than ours was when handed down, I dare say.
Advancement. Achievement. Technology. Sounds like human folly to me. And yet, we are so dependant upon the technology that is destroying us, and we don't even realize it. Modern medicine is amazing. We can now trouble-shoot the mind almost as well as a computer technician might a PC. Which is great.
But seriously, who needs more advanced weapon systems? We already have the power to destroy whole continents with a single push of a button. Who could ask for more?
Apparantly, our leaders can. Which is why I believe we are all doomed. For, if we cannot choos leaders that can make the right choices, what hope do we have? One voice may not make a difference, but many voices can. And so we vote. And vote. And vote. And what becomes of it? A president with misguided ambitions.
Hey. You wanna reduce drug related crimes? Try something a little different. Instead of forcing people to more daring things (i.e., robbery, theft, murder), try releasing some of the restrictions placed upon drugs.
Take a look at Amsterdam. Drugs are legal there. So is prostitution. Both of which are taxed and somewhat controlled by the government. And the crime raate for drug-related incidents? Almost nil.
I just don't understand. Why spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to combat something you can never fully put an end to, when you could be not only making more money off of it, bust spending those hundreds of thousands on fields in which it is needed.
Which brings me to another question: why does our government see the need to support other countries, when there are people here within our borders who are starving and freezing to deaht because of poverty. Perhaps we should look within, and help ourselves, before reaching out to others. And I mean that litterally and metaphorically.
But I am merely a ranting and raving , "druggie" teenager. What do I know?
