AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
11:05 PM - May 01, 2001

CONTENT:
"Def Comedy Jam. That'd be a pretty funny video to get," I thought.
I looked up at the t.v. Jerry Springer was back on, now. Fucked up and slightly retarded, but funny, nonetheless.
A gay guy's lover slept with his mother. Pretty strange. And the woman was funk-nasty. But, so was the poor little gay guy's lover, for that matter.
I was at my mom's house, laying on the couch by the fire at 1:00 AM. I t had been a long and stressfull day. Hell, it had been a long and stressful couple of weeks.
But at that moment, I was relaxing, stoned chillin', reflecting on the days events. Thinkiong about the new friend I had made. And the family member I might soon lose.
But first you have to know the whole beginning of this little story. Like I sad, it's been a stressful couple o f weeks.
Well, for starters, I lost my job. I had been working at an industrial manufacturing plant. Apparently, I pissed main boss off somehow. Talking too much shit, I guess. But, hey, he was a fucking dick. A truly crooked dick (hehe... that was wath is called a double entendre. just thought I'd thow that fact in there). He'd never pay on time, and, then, when he did pay, it was short. But it was a job.
Anyway, he fired me. So I was out of a job. Which meant I didn't have any money. Which meant I couldn't buy my girlfriend's gas and cigarettes. Which, apparantly, pissed her off.
And, so, she broke up with me. It was only a day later I found out she had cheated on me. That was pretty pleasant.
So, then, since I wasn't spending all my time with my girlfriend, I got bored. I watched t.v., but not really. I'd play guitar, but not for very long. I didn't really feel like it.
So, I got on the internet, and went to the site where I posted all of my stories and poems. I went to the forums and started replying to the questions, conversations, and debates there. Human Contact was my self-prescribed medication. I began to interact. And I found a friend.
JadeFlame25's fianceé, who was pregnant with their child, didn't want anything more to do with him. And, then, he found out she cheated on him. So, we were pretty much in the same boat, I guess.
We started talking everyday over instant messages and through the forums. we even started our own li'l brand of role playing on the forums, "Hotel California".
And role playing was what we were doing on the day I started on the downward spiral (thank you disappointedinwonderland).
My grandmother took my great-grandmother, who is 87, to the doctor. Only to find out that something was seriously wrong. They had to send them to the biggest hospital in the area.
My grandpa told me after he got off the phone with my grandma that he was going with them. Which lef me in the house, alone, with no cigarettes, and an empty feeling of worry.
So, I began to write. Three poems and two songs on guitar in less than an hour. But, then, I was restless again. I had nothing else to do, but get on-line. Luckily, JadeFlame was on. I told him what was going on and that my nerves where shot. He told me just to be calm and not do anything stupid.
"I don't know if I can take someone else close to me dying. I can only take so much shit before I break. And I feel like it's getting close," I told him.
He said, "What happens when you do?"
"My room gets destroyed, random things are broken, mysterious cuts show up all over me. And I hit, yell or ignore everyone else. Usually. But I don't know about this time. I'm much more stressed than all the other times," I replied.
"But that's life, my friend," he told me. "Plenty of your relatives, friends and loved ones are going to die in your life. It's sad, but it's a fact of life."
"But I'm so tired of it all already," I returned.
"You have people that care about you, I'm sure. Friends?"
"I don't have any friends," I said. "They've all left me, stabbed me in the back, or died."
"Then don't kill yourself for me. Someone you've never met face-to-face. Someone you've only known a few days. I know we don't really know each other, but I consider you a close friend."
And immediately I was at a loss. A complete stranger that actually gave a shit? I thought that was a dead thing...
I thanked him, and told him that I appreciated his words, but told them that I had to go see what was going on.
I knew nothing of the situation, but I called my mom and old her what was going on. She started to call around, and had me call around to all the hospitals they could possibly be at.
No one knew anything. None of them could find my grandparents. So, my mom told me to come over to her house and crash for the night.
So, after an hour of silent, reflective driving, I sat down and smoked a bowl with my mother. We calmed each other with our mutual presences. My mom's boyfriend and his son were there, and they helped diffuse the tension somewhat. We called around some more. Nothing. It had been two hours, and still no one knew a thing.
Which leaves me where I am now, lying in bed, wondering... waiting. If someone else close to me dies, I'm not sure I can handle it.
Will the downward spiral continue? Or will everything be alright, or at least not as bad?
All I can do is wait...
