AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
10:56 PM - May 01, 2001

CONTENT:
He looked around slowly. Such a dirty little shithole he lived in. The walls and ceiling were cracked and ragged with huge, gaping holes revealing the skeletal inside frame of the filthy hovel. If he had been in a better state of mind, perhaps he'd have seen the irony of the resemblance of this place to his life. Holes ripped to exposed the ugliness beneath. But metaphors weren't exactly his forte...
He lay on a urine stained, rock hard cotton mattress upon the floor. The only object in the room other than the toilet, the sink, and a gaunt and frail looking little table that never held food. A dusty and very dim bulb lit the pathetic scene from above, causing shadows to leap in and out of the holes in the walls.
He couldn't exactly remember when it had become like this. Nothing really seemed clear any more. Like the the apartment, his mind was covered in a veil of dust and haze. The only thing that pervaded in his mind between senseless, pointless thoughts, was the thought of the one he had once loved.
She had been his world. His life. He ate, slept, and believed her. She was what held him bound to the earth. They had been together for 3 years. Had even been married for 6 months when everything came crashing to a sudden end.
Before the incident happened, the two had been so happy together. They went everywhere together. It was almost as though they were the same person. And being like any normal young people, they liked to hang out with friends and party.
He liked to smoke pot and drop a hit or two of acid every now and then. She liked to get all spun out on meth or coke. And so the parties went for a long time.
Until one night someone offered the beautiful young lady a shot of heroin. Her lover wasn't around to say no, so she jumped at the opportunity. She and the one that had offered it went to a back room and rigged up.
A few hours went by, and the young man began to get anxious at the nonattendance of his wife. He began to move about and look for her, finally pushing his way into the small back room.
There he found his lovely bride lying in a pool of her own vomit, clothes ripped off, her eyes rolled far back in her head. Screaming for help, he cradled his love in his arms. She seemed lifeless... and indeed she was.
The police came and took the body away after concluding that she had rigged way too much and passed out, at which point the person that had given the drug to her, raped her unconcious body.
The poor young man was crushed. His mentality went to almost nothing. He would simply sit and stare off into space for endless periods of time. He could no longer hold a job. He could barely care for himself. He had become an empty husk.
Forced to live on a disability check sent from the government, he isolated himself in a tiny apartment in the worst area of the city they had once lived so happily.
And now he simply waited to die...
