AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
6:40 PM - Sep 20, 2001

CONTENT:
It was three weeks before the fair started, but you could almost reach out and grab a handful of the excitement that was in the air. There was just something about this place. The mood was one of fun, friendship, and kindred-spirits.
The mock 16-th century village was built to make money and amuse the patrons. But the participants who put on the show enjoyed it just as much or more than the customers. Behind the stages, hidden from view from within the walls of the open air village, acres upon acres of congregations of little dome tents had sprung up. Fair was near at hand.
John and Joseph worked for one of the companies that ran the festival. They had come to assure their returning jobs. They simply enjoyed the freedom that the place offered. And the people were cool, too.
The two arrived Friday evening just to make sure they didn't miss the 8:30 AM meeting on the following morning. They had brought everything they needed for an overnight stay: a tent, blankets, pillows, a change of clothes, a bag of weed, and two hits of really good acid.
So, they set up camp and went around to the groups that had already formed to introduce themselves. They sat and chit-chatted for a while, then retired to their camp for a little... break. John plopped down on the floor of the tent, and Joseph placed himself on the mattress and commenced rolling a joint. Meanwhile, John went to work looking for the little tin that the blotter was in.
Having found it, he popped open the lid and uttered a dismayed gasp. Joseph knew instantly what was wrong. The acid had gone missing. John lit his lighter (for they had no flashlight or lantern) to see if they had fallen in his lap when the tin was opened. But they weren't. Now Joseph was getting anxious. They looked all around the floor of the tent in the meager dual-lighter illumination, but it was no use: the acid was no where to be found.
About that time, an old friend of John's came over to see them. And what did her boyfriend happen to have but a flashlight. The two borrowed the flashlight and went once again on the search, having paused only briefly to say hi and introduce themselves. Joseph took the flashlight and began to sweep the area of the tent, hoping to catch a glimpse of the tiny paper squares. John thought about it for a second, then turned his pockets inside out. And there they went, floating gracefully down into the light cast by the flashlight.
Joseph spied one hit and John saw the other as they hit the ground. Almost instantaneously, the paper pieces no longer lay on the floor of the tent; they were in their respective owners' mouths. Then everything was okay again. Joseph went back to rolling his joint, and John turned his attention to his old friend, Gia.
The quartet stood there talking for a few minutes, almost an hour, actually, while John and Joseph smoked their joint. A short while later, the feeling of giddiness began to creep over them. They began to feel hyperactive, and their minds began to pick up speed. Pretty soon, things started warping out of proportion and the confusion set in.
(To Be Continued...)
