AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
5:24 PM - Oct 18, 2001

CONTENT:
I can't say my life has been rough. But I can't say it's been good, either. My mother, I don't think, ever really cared too much for me. She was always too busy in alcohol, coke, speed and pot. Her and my ex-step-dad used to sell the shit. But I think they did about as much as they sold. There'd be days on end when I wouldn't see her. I guess she just tolerated me until I was about five. Then she put me up for adoption. And just for the record, I don't know my dad. Never met the man. If he couldn't take time out from his oh-so-busy life, fuck him. 'Nuff said.
Anyway, they put me up for adoption. So my grandparents adopted me. Which was cool. At least now I was able to eat a bit more regularly. But even while I lived with them, things weren't as good as they should have been. Every year or so, we'd move somewhere else. Everytime I started to really make friends, we'd move to some other town. So I never had any friends.
Luckily, they finally stopped moving around when I was about 13. And somehow, we'd ended up in some tiny, redneck town. And strangely enough, this is where I met the only person I've ever really loved. But that's a whole other story. Anyway, as I got into high school, my grandparents became more and more forceful and controlling. Or perhaps it was merely that I became more and more rebellious. I don't guess it really matters, seeing they're almost one and the same. They'd push; I'd push back harder.
Finally, when I was 17, they just stopped. I could do whatever I wanted, they said. And I sure as hell did. For a year, I was more fucked up than one person should be. But after that year, I was all better. And my grandparents and I have been closer ever since. And I will be 20 years old on the 21st of next month.
Now I find out that my mother has hepatitus C. Sure, it's treatable, but there's still no cure. Sooner or later, she's probably going to die from it. I don't know how long it'll be, but it'll be weird when it does happen. I've had people close to me die before; family members, a girlfriend, even a really good friend and band-mate that was only 16. But I don't know. It'll just be another thing to stress over. Like I don't already have enough with my baby coming in the next month or so...
But I guess that's just life. What's in the past is gone and can't be changed. All I can do is hope and try to do my best in life. I have a lot of things that I'm thankful for. And a lot of things I wish I could change, but can't. But everyone does. That's the rollercoaster we call life. And all any of us can really do is just hold on tight and enjoy the ride...
