AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
11:45 PM - May 01, 2001

CONTENT:
...And the great prophet Suria spoke unto them, "Behold! In the days of stone giants and metal birds, there shall be, in the sign of Abia, the coming of Legion. They shall boil forth from the mouths of darkness in great numbers. They shall overcome."
Having spake thus, the prophet cast into the air a handfull of dirt and a cock's plume. Having interpreted the omens, he spoke again, saying, "The time of false leaders shall be followed by mass wars. All of creation shall be engaged in struggle. Plagues and famine shall encircle the earth."
Casting a lot of stones, he then spoke thus, "Yet another period of false leaders, begat by their predecessors, shall inherit power. Science shall be the harbinger of Apocolypse. Tribe will rise against tribe for sacred land and natural resources. All nations shall oppose the others. Lightning bolts from the heavens shall rain down, bringing complete annihilation."
Suria had then turned his gaze thither.
"This is the fate that awaits our kind. Advancements and civilization shall herald destruction.
"But even so, we do not have to be ended. No, my disciples, we shall live on forever in the Valley of Shin' Inex.
"Pledge your souls unto me and be spared the cruelties dealt to you during the leadership of self-righteous megalomaniacs. We shall live in peace for eternity..."
The prophet Suria held the cermonial dagger aloft.
"Pledge your life to me by draining your vitae into the Immortal Chalice. You will ascend to the Plane of Limbo where you shall await my arrival."
One by one, the Followers of Suria emptied their veins into the goblet. And in the moments after their demise, their souls sailed upward to the Plane of Limbo.
As the last disciple's soul drifted upward, Suria held the chalice high and said, "Oh, ye immortal souls of the Plane of Limbo, lend to me thy powers through thy lifeforce. Let all thy have known become my wisdom. Let all your strengths become my power..."
Having said these words, he brought the Immortal Chalice to his lips and drank deep the blood of his followers; the blood of the innocents.
Suria the vampire smiled.
"You pathetic fools will believe in anything that benefits you. Such is the flaw of humanity..."
