AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
11:37 PM - May 01, 2001

CONTENT:
I turn my face to the western sky. The sun's setting finally. The colors of the sunet are my blood. I see in shades of gray. As the last bit of light slips over the burning fires of the horizon, I turn to continue my walk home.
The trees bend low to my royal procession. Wait. there's one that isn't kneeling. Bring me this ingrate. Dare to disobey me? Death to you. Waves of pulsing energy exit my fingers and strike the lone tree, sending a scatter of sparks into the growing night.
The procession continues. Down dirt and gravel roads paved with gold and precious jewels. A glint up in the heavens catches my eye. I hate to look up that way. Reminds me of times long ago. The glint grows to become a shimmering light. Have they come already?
The light begins to take shape, and then it lands. Standing before me is an angel. Clothing of pure white, wings of pearly feathers, emanating righteousness. And she's beautiful. Her face, her body, her air.
Why have you come? You know. No, I don't. Tell me. Your salvation is what brought me here. Salvation? I need not your false idols and images. But I am here, refuting that falseness, yet you turn away... Look that way. See the fires burning in the west? What color are they? The most wonderful shades of orange and pink that He can create.
She looked at me. And what do you see now? She looked back to the horizon and a look of astonishment and fear passed over her angelic features. Pain, death... How?
I have the power, my lovely... I move up to stand behind her, my lips near her ear. I do not need the jealousy of your god. I decide my own fate. I am my own god.
She whispers. How do you have such power to rival His reign? My hands rest upon her hips and my lips move a bit closer to her ear, and I, too, whisper.
It's inside. It's inside us all. Including you. Why do you remain cowed under your god's oppressive hand? Do you not see that to truly be powerful, you must free yourself?
Her eyes close and her hands begin to tremble. I can tell I'm getting through to her. She believes what I say. I have her broken. She turns her face toward mine, her features a mere inch from mine. Her eyes open, looking pleadingly into mine.
I smile. You want the power, don't you? Yes. Then join me... Our lips meet and we kiss passionately. The kiss of Fate. This angel once again belongs to me. My heavenly mate from above.
The darkness continues to deepen. And during our night of carnal lust and desire, she gives herself to me fully. And sees me for what I... we, truly are... Fallen Angels.
