AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
10:14 AM - Sep 21, 2001

CONTENT:
The pair of trippers wandered off away from their camp to watch a group of dancers practicing in the street. The actors' bodies went round and round, keeping time with the period music played from a small portable stereo. The weaved back and forth to the melodies of the lute, lyre, and drums, occasionally calling out to one another. It was a strange sight, indeed. John and Joseph sat against an old white Cadellac and watched for half an hour. Then, they wandered on.
Soon, they came to an open field, lit somewhat eerily by sodium-vapor lights. The pair sat down and looked up at the sky, watching the stars twinkle and fade, change locations, and streak across the sky. Joseph lit a cigarette and their conversation took a mor philosophical turn.
They discussed life and death, friends, relationships, anything that happened to cross their drug-altered minds. They sat for hours upon hours in that field, just sharing ideas and opinions, they're out looks on life. Much wisdom was passed between them. And slowly, their words began to form into hallucinations which they could both see.
Down the field a ways, there was a tree backlit by a street light. But, then, it was no longer a tree. It was a young, strong warrior giving a great speech to his clan members. The next instant, the illusion shifted to show an old, bearded man dressed in gray robes sharing his wisdom with the tribe. Finally, the trees morphed into a group of people dancing around a fire.
All of this the two sat and watched, continuing their discussions of the world, pausing here and there to comment on what the tree-people were doing at that moment. For hour after hour they watched the trees and contemplated. They didn't know what time it was, and, in truth, they didn't care. Nothing mattered to the two friends then. Just the truth in the words they were saying.
John and Joseph shared a lifetime of knowledge that night. And something strange happened as they arose to head back to their camp. Joseph lit up another cigarette and looked around at the tree-people. They were all gone. Slightly disturbed, he glanced down the length of the field. And what he saw made him gasp.
There, at the opposite end of the meadow, stood a tall, lithe figure, clad wholly in black robes. Surrounding him, illuminated and givena faint orange hue by the sodium-vapor light, billowed a thick white fog. As he watched, the cloud became thicker and expanded rapidly.
Joseph blinked. When his eyes opened again, the black shape was gone, but the fog remained.
"What is it?" John asked
"I don't know, man. That just fucked me all up..." Joseph replied.
"What?" John asked again.
"There was this dark figure standing over there, and when I blinked it was gone. But the fog it made is still there. See? Look how it's coming up over us. Half the sky you can't even see anymore."
"Who. That is fucked up, dude..."
The two stood there and watched the fog roll slowly toward them, and Joseph said to John, "Maybe we should go back to camp. I feel weird, man."
But John didn't answer.
Joseph turned to ask him again, and then he saw why he didn't answer: he wasn't there. But the fact didn't have time to sink in, because, in the next instant, Joseph blinked out of existance, as well.
John and Joseph had shared a lifetim of knowledge that night...
Fin
