AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
11:43 PM - May 01, 2001

CONTENT:
A prequel to the one I wrote off the top of my head. (And by the way, I penned this one in the same manner... improvisationally)
The handle of the knife slipped from my grip as I tried to wrench it free from the hole I had just created. Not really surprising considering all the blood jetting everywhere. Her face was a mask of agony as I grabbed hold of the blade again, twisting it to open up the wound even more.
She screamed. A bloodcurdling scream for help. Pitiful. Didn't she know we where miles from the nearest form of civilization? Didn't she know that there was no way anyone was going to hear? Apparantly not.
I slipped the knife from it's newly found sheath of flesh and smiled. The woman fell to the ground, freed from the only thing that kept her standing.
Her crimson life seeped from her slowly as I stood over her, watching...waiting.
Everything was ready before we had even gotten there. I had made sure of that. I made my way around the small circle of stones that I had collected from the nearby river, lighting candles, tracing runes into the earth.
I pulled the woman into position. She was crying again. And uttering completely unintelligable words and curses toward me. That brought about a small chuckle from within my throat. She was about to die... and she knew it.
After everything was set into proper motion, I began the chant that would bring me the greatest power I had ever felt. The full moon shone down brightly as I recited the ancient incantation.
I watched the woman carefully, making sure she would not die before the time was right.
Shouting out the last few syllables, I plunged the knife downward into her heart, grinning as the gout of blood that spewed forth splattered across my face.
Nothing to do now but wait.
Seconds later, I witnessed a spectacle of pure, unadultered power. The sky boiled and rolled with ominous clouds and streaks of lightning. Out of the earth in the circle came a blinding crimson light. Black mist swirled forth from the woman's body and combined with the light as it began to center around me.
* * * *
I awoke later that night... or maybe it was the next night, I couldn't tell. My clothes were caked with blood and gore. I looked toward the circle and saw only a husk of the woman I had used. It had worked. I had the strength. I could feel it coursing through my veins.
My hunger was so intense it hurt. It was time to go test my new power...
