AUTHOR:
Chaos Creator

TIMESTAMP:
3:35 PM - Oct 17, 2001

CONTENT:
The fire cracled in the hearth and shot a few stray embers into the air. The orange glow quickly vanished and the ashes fell to the floor. They both found themselves watching the flames; the intricate weaving of burning gases was quite beautiful. It had been a really nice night. The couple had gone out to a lovely Italian restaraunt with a mutual friend, who had gotten them together, and her current boyfriend. They had sat and chit-chatted for a time, while eating the delicious lasagna they had all decided to try. After dinner, they had all gone out to see a movie. A strange one with Dennis Hopper in it. But it was okay; the couple had snuggled together during the entire thing. When it was over, the two couples parted and made their ways home.
So, now, the two sat at his house, watching the fire and having small talk. He seemed so perfect. Sensetive, funny, smart, and definately attractive.
"You seem so... right... perfect," she said softly.
He turned to face her, their eyes meeting and locking. "Please. You're the one that's perfect. You're the most beautiful woman I've ever met. Inside and out."
With that, he leand over and placed a small, gentle kiss on the corner of her mouth. As he leaned back, he caught the "Please do that again" look in her eyes. He smiled a bit and then their lips met again, this time with more fervor. The more they kissed, the more daring they got. Hands were everywhere.
Suddenly, he snapped a pair of handcuffs around her wrists. She stopped and looked at him. "What are you doing?" she asked.
"Having some fun..." he replied.
With that, he brought the back of his hand against her cheek so hard that it flipped her up and over the side of the couch. She fell to the floor in a daze, her arms rendered useless behind her back. A wicked smile played over his face.
She stared up at him, tears coming to her eyes as her face showed pure fear. "Please d-don't hurt me," she stammered.
"Itwon't hurt for too long," he rasped. Slowly, from behind the couch seat, he pulled a long dagger. "Not for very long at all..."
